Update the docs with claim retrieval implementation (#43)
wso2/docs-mg: en/docs/how-tos/passing-enduser-attributes-to-the-backend-using-jwt.md

</tbody>
</table>

> #### Adding Claims Retrieved from a remote endpoint

Reviewer: Can you fix the above heading "Extract backed token from the jwt access token" to "Extract **backend** token from the **JWT** access token"
Also there are few typos in the existing doc. please fix them too. 
1. dependency -> dependency
2. developers have the capability use -> developers have the capability to use 
3. jwt -> JWT
4. Since, -> Since
5. if the authentication token consist the backendJwt claim in the payload, value of the backendJwt -> if the authentication token consists of the backendJwt claim in the payload, the value of the backendJwt

Author: updated via https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/43/commits/9480fc53f208b95446e6f3e220351d4b5229fa1c

If the user needs to retrieve user claims from a remote endpoint, the microgateway can be configured to support that 
as well. The microgateway has an inbuilt implementation to get user claims from 
`<WSO2 Key Manager URL>/keymanager-operations/user-info/claims/generate` endpoint. If you are willing to use the same 
implementation, you can add the following configuration to the `micro-gw.conf` file.

```toml
[jwtGeneratorConfig.claimRetrieval]
      retrieverImpl="org.wso2.micro.gateway.jwt.generator.MGWClaimRetrieverImpl"
      [jwtGeneratorConfig.claimRetrieval.configuration]
          # The User can provide any key-value pair here. These are the properties used by default.

>           # serverUrl = <Key Manager URL>

Reviewer: Shall we remove comment symbols and provide example values?

Author: updated via https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/43/commits/9480fc53f208b95446e6f3e220351d4b5229fa1c

          # username = <APIM Credentials Username>
          # password = <APIM Credentials Password>
```

The `retrieveImpl` Key is used to provide the claim retriever Implementation. Since the value given here denotes an 
inbuilt implementation, the user does not need to add any additional jar files to the project. Under the 
`[jwtGeneratorConfig.claimRetrieval.configuration]`, the user can customize the properties as required. 

In addition to that, it is required to enable claimRetrieval in `[[jwtTokenConfig]]` (per JWT issuer) and 
`[keyManager]` Configurations based on user requirement. 

``` toml tab="jwtTokenConfig"
[[jwtTokenConfig]]
    remoteUserClaimRetrievalEnabled = true
```

> 

Reviewer: Add additional spaces. otherwise, the above and below configs are concat to one block.

Author: updated via https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/43/commits/9480fc53f208b95446e6f3e220351d4b5229fa1c

``` toml tab="keyManager"
[keyManager]
    remoteUserClaimRetrievalEnabled = true
```

!!! note
    If you do not declare the `jwtGeneratorConfig.claimRetrieval.retrieverImpl` property in `micro-gw.conf`, 
    the classloading operation will not happen within the microgateway. Hence, the claim retrieval process will 
    not be executed.
        

There can be usecases where the user needs to come up with his/her own claim retrieval Implementation. In such 
a scenario, the user needs to implement the specific class extended from 
[AbstractMGWClaimRetriever](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/blob/v3.2.0/components/micro-gateway-jwt-generator/src/main/java/org/wso2/micro/gateway/jwt/generator/AbstractMGWClaimRetriever.java) class.
For that, the user can have the same maven dependency used for custom JWT Generation implementation. A sample 
implementation is available [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/tree/master/samples/sample-jwt-generator).
In the end, you can add the corresponding jar file to the microgateway project's `/lib` directory prior to executing 
`micro-gw build` command.

> ```xml

Reviewer 2: This is just hanging there without any reference to what this example is. So shall put it inside a sample box like this
```suggestion
```xml tab="Maven dependency"
```

<dependencies>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.wso2.am.microgw</groupId>
        <artifactId>mgw-jwt-generator</artifactId>
        <version>3.2.0</version>
    </dependency>
</dependencies>
```

!!! note

>     Please note that if you have used any additional dependencies to the customized implementation, you may need to all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Please note that if you have used any additional dependencies to the customized implementation, you may need to add all
```

>     of them to the microgateway project's `/lib` directory. This is because If the microgateway could not find 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    of them to the microgateway project's `/lib` directory. This is because if the microgateway can't find 
```

>     those dependencies within itself, the functionality will not be there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    those dependencies within the project, the functionality will not be available.
```

> 

Reviewer: section #### "Setting the header of the backend request" is currently under "JWT Generator Configurations". Is it correct?

Author: updated via https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/43/commits/9480fc53f208b95446e6f3e220351d4b5229fa1c
